c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\WebApplication3.dll.config
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\WebApplication3.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\WebApplication3.pdb
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.Controllers.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.Core.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.Credentials.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.Factories.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.Logic.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.Security.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.Streams.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Tweetinvi.WebLogic.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\obj\Debug\LiveTiles.csproj.App.config
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\obj\Debug\LiveTiles.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\obj\Debug\WebApplication3.dll
c:\users\permjeet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\obj\Debug\WebApplication3.pdb
